1.NoSQL:
A NoSQL database provides a mechanism for storage and retrieval of data that is modeled in means other than the tabular relations used in relational databases.NoSQL databases are increasingly used in big data and real-time web applications.

2.D3:
D3.js is a JavaScript library for producing dynamic, interactive data visualizations in web browsers. It makes use of the widely implemented SVG, HTML5, and CSS standards.

3.Angular:
AngularJS (also written as Angular.js) is a JavaScript-based open-source front-end web application framework mainly maintained by Google and by a community of individuals and corporations to address many of the challenges encountered in developing single-page applications. 

4.Typescript:
TypeScript is an open-source programming language developed and maintained by Microsoft. It is a strict syntactical superset of JavaScript, and adds optional static typing to the language.

5.Bootstrap:
Bootstrap is a free and open-source front-end framework for developing websites and web applications. It contains HTML and CSS-based design templates for typography, forms, buttons, navigation and other interface components, as well as optional JavaScript extensions. 

6.Materialize:
Materialize is a responsive front-end component library similar to Bootstrap. It offers everything that Bootstrap has to offer, but the difference is that Materialize follows material design principles. 

7.React:
React is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces. It is maintained by Facebook and a community of individual developers and companies. React can be used as a base in the development of single-page or mobile applications.

8.Django:
Django is a Python-based free and open-source web framework, which follows the model-view-template architectural pattern.Django's primary goal is to ease the creation of complex, database-driven websites. 

9.Celery:
Celery is an open source asynchronous task queue or job queue which is based on distributed message passing. While it supports scheduling, its focus is on operations in real time.

10.Postgres:
Postgre is an object-relational database management system (ORDBMS) with an emphasis on extensibility and standards compliance. It can handle workloads ranging from small single-machine applications to large Internet-facing applications (or for data warehousing) with many concurrent users; on macOS Server, PostgreSQL is the default database; and it is also available for Microsoft Windows and Linux (supplied in most distributions).
















